Update of the support page (#4021)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/started/support.md

  * [Kubeflow Website](https://github.com/kubeflow/website/issues)

<a id="provider-support"></a>
## Support from commercial providers in the Kubeflow Ecosystem

We want to promote commercial companies and idividuals that contribute back to the open source project.
Below is a table of organizations that contribute to Kubeflow and offer commercial support:

| Provider                      | Support Link                                                                                                                                                    |
|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Aranui Solutions              | [Aranui Solutions](https://www.aranui.solutions/services)                                                                                                       |
| Canonical                     | [Ubuntu Kubeflow](https://ubuntu.com/kubeflow#get-in-touch)                                                                                                     |

> | Freelancer Julius von Kohout  | [LinkedIn](https://de.linkedin.com/in/juliusvonkohout/), [Slack](https://cloud-native.slack.com/team/U06LW431SJF), [GitHub](https://github.com/juliusvonkohout) |

Reviewer: I want to be explicit that I am pro listing individual free lancers here as they should be rewarding for contributing to the community. 

We can vet this via the KSC for now but we probably will want some process of users showing contributions. 

I am very happy to celebrate commercial interests benefiting from their contributions to Kubeflow.

Reviewer 2: @franciscojavierarceo  should we change the title then based on this?

Right now is "Support from commercial providers in the Kubeflow Ecosystem"

maybe something like "Support from commercial providers and individual in the Kubeflow Ecosystem"

Author: How is an individual not a commercial providers if he provides commercial services? But that would anyway be something for follow up PRs.

Reviewer: Yeah +1, I suspect that the person operates under a commercial entity.

weight = 80
+++

This page describes the Kubeflow resources and support options available when you encounter a problem, have a question, or want to make a suggestion about Kubeflow.

<a id="application-status"></a>
## Component Status

> When you deploy Kubeflow to a Kubernetes cluster, your deployment includes multiple components. Note that component versioning is independent from Kubeflow versioning. Each component should meet certain [criteria](https://github.com/kubeflow/community/blob/master/guidelines/application_requirements.md) regarding stability, upgradability, logging, monitoring, and security (PodSecurityStandards restricted, network policies, and integration tests for authentication and authorization).

Author: done

Component status indicators:

* **Stable**: The application complies with most of the criteria and is considered stable for this release.
* **Beta**: The application is progressing towards meeting most criteria.

> * **Alpha**: The application is in an early development or integration stage.

Author: Yes, but i think it should not block this PR, since it was linked before.

<a id="levels-of-support"></a>
## Levels of Support

> 1. The Kubeflow community offers best-effort support for stable components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Kubeflow community provides best-effort support for stable components, with no guarantees, as it is free and community-maintained software.
```

Reviewer: Maybe this is more explicit?

Author: I think best efort is explained further down, but we can replace "offers" with "provides"

Author: solved

> 2. You can also request commercial support from a company or freelancer listed below.

Reviewer: I love this!

* **GitHub discussions** per repository, e.g. [here](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/discussions)
* **Kubeflow discuss** for email-based group discussion. Join the
  [kubeflow-discuss](/docs/about/community/#kubeflow-mailing-list)
  group.
* **Kubeflow documentation** for overviews and how-to guides. In particular,
  refer to the following documents when troubleshooting a problem:
  * [Kubeflow installation and setup](/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/)
  * [Kubeflow components](/docs/components/)

* **Kubeflow issue trackers** for known issues, questions, and feature requests.
  Search the open issues to see if someone else has already logged the problem 
  that you are encountering and learn about any workarounds. If no one
  has logged your problem, create a new issue to describe the problem.

    Each Kubeflow component has its own issue tracker within the [Kubeflow
    organization on GitHub](https://github.com/kubeflow). To get you started,
    here are the primary issue trackers:

  * [Kubeflow Pipelines](https://github.com/kubeflow/pipelines/issues)
  * [Katib AutoML](https://github.com/kubeflow/katib/issues)

>   * [Trainer](https://github.com/kubeflow/training-operator/issues)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * [Trainer](https://github.com/kubeflow/trainer/issues)
```

>   * [Trainer](https://github.com/kubeflow/training-operator/issues)

Reviewer 3: Let's make this list more consistent as follows:
```
Kubeflow Notebooks
Kubeflow Spark Operator
Kubeflow Trainer
Kubeflow Katib
Kubeflow KServe
Kubeflow Model Registry
Kubeflow Pipelines
Kubeflow Dashboard
Kubeflow Manifests
Kubeflow Website
```

Author: done

  * [Notebooks](https://github.com/kubeflow/notebooks/issues)
  * [Dashboard](https://github.com/kubeflow/dashboard/issues)
  * [Kserve](https://github.com/kserve/kserve/issues)
  * [Platform / Manifests](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/issues)

>   * [Examples](https://github.com/kubeflow/examples/issues)

Reviewer 3: Let's remove this directory from here since it is out of date and not maintained currently.

  * [Website](https://github.com/kubeflow/website/issues)

<a id="provider-support"></a>
## Support from commercial providers in the Kubeflow Ecosystem

We want to promote commercial companies and idividuals that contribute back to the open source project.
Below is a table of organizations that contribute to Kubeflow and offer commercial support:

| Provider               | Support Link                                                   |
|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| Canonical              | [Ubuntu Kubeflow](https://ubuntu.com/kubeflow#get-in-touch)    |
| Aranui Solutions       | [Aranui Solutions](https://...)                                |

> | Freelance/Consulting   | Julius von Kohout on the Slack channel                         |

Reviewer: I am pro listing individual people that have contributed here. 

Probably this opens up a rabbithole for us to have some sort of vetting process or disclaimer .

Author: The same goes for each company. They should have a track record of freelancers / employees contributing to kubeflow

Author: The commercial providers section was also there before. I just cleaned it up. I think it is fair if we just do alphabetical sorting or so and only list ompanies  / individuals that have significant contributions in the last 1-2 years or so. If in doubt we can ask the KSC and use the first batch as reference.

Author: i added all link. I think it is good enough to significantly improve the status quo

| Red Hat                       | [Red Hat](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/cloud-computing/openshift/openshift-ai)                                                                        |

> | Other Providers               | Please reach out to the Kubeflow Steering Committee with proof of significant contributions to the Kubeflow open source project                                 |

Reviewer 3: Can we get confirmation from @kubeflow/red-hat @thesuperzapper @mvlassis @StefanoFioravanzo @DnPlas @kimwnasptd about their commitment to commercial support please ?

Author: I mean that is the business model for redhat and canonical.

Reviewer 3: I understand this, just want to get +1 from these folks to be listed in this page.

Reviewer 3: @thesuperzapper Please can you give your lgtm if you are ok to be listed in this list.

Author: Done in https://github.com/kubeflow/website/pull/4021#issuecomment-2692932505

Author: Canonical was there before and Redhat agreed as well.

<a id="cloud-support"></a>

> If you are using a managed offer from a cloud provider for Kubeflow, then the cloud

Reviewer 3: Would it make sense to link Kubeflow Distributions here ?
https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/installing-kubeflow/#packaged-distributions

Author: Not all of them offer commercial support, so i would leave this separate.

provider may be able to help you diagnose and solve a problem.

## Getting Involved

You can participate in Kubeflow by contributing funding, code, documentation, use cases or by joining community meetings. For more information, see the [Kubeflow Community page](/docs/about/community/).

## Stay Updated

Keep up with Kubeflow news:

> * The [Kubeflow Blog](https://blog.kubeflow.org/) for release announcements, events, and tutorials.

Author: done
